Fixes body IDs selection when computing `feet_slide` reward for locomotion-velocity task (#1277)
isaac-sim/IsaacLab: source/extensions/omni.isaac.lab_tasks/docs/CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
---------

0.10.1 (2024-10-20)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fixed
^^^^^

> * Fixed the wrong selection of body id's in the ``feet_slide`` reward function in omni.isaac.lab_tasks.manager_based.locomotion.velocity.mdp.rewards.
>   Changed parameter from ``asset_cfg.body_ids`` to ``sensor_cfg.body_ids``.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the wrong selection of body id's in the :meth:`omni.isaac.lab_tasks.manager_based.locomotion.velocity.mdp.rewards.feet_slide`
   reward function. This makes sure the right IDs are selected for the bodies.

```
